Made changes to `tools.costs` related to base year and first year of modeling (#186)
iiasa/message-ix-models: doc/whatsnew.rst

v2024.4.22
==========

> - Made changes to :doc:`/api/tools-costs` (:pull:`186`).

Reviewer: These lines should go into the "next release" section since they were not actually included in v2024.4.22. To do that, please uncomment lines 4 and 5 (removing the `..`) and start a new list there :)

Reviewer: Especially if you anticipate more such changes, you could make this a whole subsection:
```
Changes to :doc:`/api/tools-costs` (:pull:`186`, <complete list later on>)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Fix jumps in ...
```

Author: Thanks @glatterf42 ! I've created a subsection for changes in the tools module (I think more changes could be forthcoming) and moved all that to the "next release" section.

>   - Fixed jumps in cost projections for technologies with first technology year that's after than the first model year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix jumps in cost projections for technologies with first technology year that's after the first model year.
```

Please always use present tense with these (below as well) :)
